c:\users\joão\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apps_API\Apps_API\bin\Debug\Apps_API.exe.config
c:\users\joão\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apps_API\Apps_API\bin\Debug\client_secret.json
c:\users\joão\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apps_API\Apps_API\bin\Debug\Apps_API.exe
c:\users\joão\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apps_API\Apps_API\bin\Debug\Apps_API.pdb
c:\users\joão\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apps_API\Apps_API\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
c:\users\joão\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apps_API\Apps_API\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\joão\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apps_API\Apps_API\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.dll
c:\users\joão\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apps_API\Apps_API\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.dll
c:\users\joão\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apps_API\Apps_API\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\joão\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apps_API\Apps_API\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Script.v1.dll
c:\users\joão\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apps_API\Apps_API\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\joão\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apps_API\Apps_API\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.dll
c:\users\joão\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apps_API\Apps_API\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.pdb
c:\users\joão\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apps_API\Apps_API\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.xml
c:\users\joão\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apps_API\Apps_API\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.pdb
c:\users\joão\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apps_API\Apps_API\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
c:\users\joão\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apps_API\Apps_API\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.pdb
c:\users\joão\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apps_API\Apps_API\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.xml
c:\users\joão\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apps_API\Apps_API\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
c:\users\joão\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apps_API\Apps_API\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.xml
c:\users\joão\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apps_API\Apps_API\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.pdb
c:\users\joão\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apps_API\Apps_API\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.xml
c:\users\joão\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apps_API\Apps_API\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Script.v1.pdb
c:\users\joão\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apps_API\Apps_API\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Script.v1.xml
c:\users\joão\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apps_API\Apps_API\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\joão\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apps_API\Apps_API\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.xml
c:\users\joão\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apps_API\Apps_API\obj\Debug\Apps_API.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\joão\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apps_API\Apps_API\obj\Debug\Apps_API.exe
c:\users\joão\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apps_API\Apps_API\obj\Debug\Apps_API.pdb
